Hey, everybody. Thanks for joining us on a slightly different time. But things are good.
Good to see you, Michael.
Yeah, great to see you. Hello, YouTube.
Hello and welcome to Python Bytes, where we deliver Python news and headlines directly
to your earbuds. This is episode 273, recorded March 1st, 2022. And I'm Brian Okken.
I'm Michael Kennedy.
- Well, welcome Michael.
It's good to have us here.
- It's great to see you as always.
It feels like spring is almost here.
It's March, I can't believe it.
So pretty awesome.
Fun to be talking Python with you.
- Yeah, so should we kick it off with your first item?
- Let's do it.
I'm a big fan of science and math and all those things.
And I came across this article
because I was reading about science,
not because I was reading about Python,
but then I thought, oh, there has to be a Python story here.
Let's get into it and see if I can track it down.
And wow, was it not easy to find.
So here's the deal.
I saw an article over on sciencealert.com
called "Physics Breakthrough as AI Successfully Controls
Plasma in a Nuclear Fusion Experiment."
- That's so cool.
- It's amazing, right?
So let me put a few things together here.
Nuclear fusion, not fission,
that's the kind of nuclear we want.
that is harnessing the sun with no negative effects
to like turn hydrogen into helium and so on, right?
If we could harness that,
that's like free, super easy energy forever.
It's incredible, right?
So people have been working on this for a long time.
The way that I understand,
which is probably pretty piecemeal that it works
is you put some kind of thing,
some kind of a material like hydrogen
or something in the middle,
and then you blast it with tons of energy,
but then it creates this plasma.
You've got to control with lasers and magnets
on how you basically keep the pressure high enough
in addition to just the heat
to actually make the fusion work, right?
So there's been some success like,
"Hey, we got fusion to work for a while.
It just took more energy than it put out."
So, you know, it's not a super great power plant,
but it did do the science thing, right?
- Yeah.
- So here's the deal.
This article says they've used artificial intelligence
to teach it how to make instantaneous
or near instantaneous adjustments to the magnetic field
and the lasers in order to actually get better results
with fusion, right?
So take it farther along.
And it says, "In a joint effort,
the Swiss Plasma Center and Artificial Intelligence Research Company DeepMind.
They used deep reinforcement learning to study the nuances of plasma behavior and control inside
a fusion tokamak. That's the donut shaped thing that where the reaction happens. And they're able
to make a bunch of small adjustments really quickly in order to get better results. And it's
It's pretty wild that they did that with AI, isn't it?
- Yeah, there's definitely Python in there somewhere.
You just know it.
- Exactly, so I'm like, all right, where is this?
So I went through and they talk about the findings
being in nature, some of the articles
that they're referencing.
So there's some like deep, as in not super engaging
sort of scientific articles, like the traditional
academic style of writing that you gotta dive into
and then like follow a bunch of links.
But eventually in there, you will find that there is some,
cool science stuff going on and Python is at the heart of it.
So it's probably not worth going into too much of the details
of how it's actually happening,
but it's the Python side of things.
But I just thought it was super cool that,
well, here's one of the most exciting things happening
in energy and for the climate and for all sorts of things.
- Yeah.
- And AI and Python are pushing it forward, that's crazy.
- And that's what we need for a Mr. Fusion
so that we can make flying cars and time traveling cars too.
- Exactly.
I mean, Marty McFly and Doc,
they go and they throw their banana peel
on the back of the DeLorean, right?
You've got to have one of these token mucks to make it roll
and got to have Python in the car.
Come on.
- Obviously.
So, cool.
(laughing)
All right, well, take us back to something more concrete.
- Well, okay.
So I'm pretty excited about this.
It's a minor thing, but maybe not too minor.
PEP 680 has been accepted standards track for Python 311.
PEP 680 is Tomlib support.
So support for parsing Toml in the standard library.
We haven't had it yet.
- That's awesome.
- So it-
- We've got JSON, we've got CSV, why not?
We got XML.
- Well, and one of the,
and now that we,
PEP uses Toml for pyproject.toml,
But anyway, so we kind of need,
I think it'd be cool to have in the standard library.
I think it's fine to have other outside supports.
So what they're doing is, and if people don't,
there's some rationale here,
but just think it's easier than normal.
So TML is, I like TML for, because it's just,
I don't know, it's an easy format to read.
It's better than any and some other stuff.
- And for people who don't know,
it feels any like the .ini file style
where you've kind of got like section headers
and then key value bits.
- Yeah, and it doesn't, and often it doesn't,
like you can use, you can use black
and write a pyproject.toml file
without even really knowing anything about toml.
So it's pretty straightforward,
but we didn't have a way built into the standard library
to just use it.
So this is this pep.
One of the things there,
The interesting bits about it is it's only reading.
So it's only adding support for reading a TOML.
So there's a load and a load S.
So you can load a TOML file or you can load a string
and that's it.
And it outputs a dictionary.
So that makes sense.
You're just getting a TOML object
and turning it into a dictionary so you can use it.
But this is built on top of Tomly.
So Tomly is being used as the library to,
basically there's an open source project called Tomly,
which a lot of projects are using.
I think this is the one that pytest is using
and quite a few projects have switched to this.
It's really fast, it's nice,
but it supports like writing as well, but--
- Yeah, write and encode and dump S and all those things.
- Yeah, right.
But that's not the part that's gonna get supported.
And I think that's fine to just have reading built into.
- And sure, some file formats like text and CSV
and whatnot, like reading and writing is super common, right?
But these are way more likely to be used
as configuration files that drive app startup
and like hide secrets.
You know, you put your secrets in there
and don't put in Git or something like that, whatever.
Those are the kind of use cases I would see.
And so in that case, reading seems fine.
You could always add writing later.
You just can't take it away if you add it too soon.
- Right, right.
But also like, I don't,
and I'm sure there are reasons to need to write it,
but I don't.
You know, it's mostly people write it
and computers read it sort of thing.
- Yeah, exactly.
Some kind of editor writes it and then you read it.
- Yeah.
- Fantastic.
All right, well, cool.
Very nice to see that one coming along.
Alvaro out in the audience, hello there,
says, "TOML just reached version 1.0 not so long ago."
So maybe that also has some kind of impact
on the willingness, like, all right,
the file format is stable.
Now we can actually start to support it in the library.
- That's true.
And we do support Python releases for a long time,
So it probably needed to be V1 at least.
- And Sam also says there's a lot of stylistic choices
for how you write TOML files.
Like we need a black for TOML.
Not to configure black,
but something that then goes against TOML files
and makes them consistent.
- Yeah, maybe.
- Yeah, you could bake that in.
All right, what have I got next here?
I've got sticking on the internals here.
I wanna talk about thread locals in Python.
So last time we had Calvin on
and I spoke about this crazy async running thing
that I had built and boy, is it working well.
Like I said, it is truly horrifying
to think about what it's doing,
but it actually works perfectly.
So there it is.
But one of the challenges that it has is it,
It doesn't like it if you call back into it again.
And I talked about the nest asyncio project last time,
which maybe will solve it.
I tried those and it wasn't working,
but it could have been like at a different iteration
before I finally realized like,
no, I have to go all in on this threading,
like isolate all that execution into one place
where we can control it.
So maybe it would work,
but I just wanted to talk about thread locals in Python,
which I thought were pretty easy and pretty interesting.
So I've got this stuff running over there.
And one thing that would be nice is each,
there's different threads calling into the system
to say schedule some work for me, basically.
Puts it on a queue, the queue runs it on this
like controlled loop, and then it sends back the result.
The problem is if one function calls that to put in work,
and then as part of doing that work,
the function itself somewhere deep down,
like wraps that around,
it doesn't really like the recursion aspect very much.
So what I thought is, well, how do I figure out,
well, this thread has running work,
and if it calls again, raise an exception and say,
like, you need to adjust the way you're calling this library,
it's not working right,
instead of just like doing some weird thing.
So what I think I might do,
and I'm not totally sure it will work perfectly,
but the idea is certainly useful for all sorts of things,
is to use a thread local variable.
Now, when I thought about thread local variables,
I've used them in other languages
and I had no idea how to do them in Python.
It turns out to be incredibly easy.
You just say, go to threading, the threading module,
and you say local.
That becomes like a dynamic class
that you can just start assigning values to.
So in the example that I'm linking to,
it says you get a my data thing,
which is a thread local data blob, whatever.
So you could say like, my data.x equals one,
my data.list equals whatever.
and then that will store that data,
but it will store it on a per thread basis.
So each thread sees a different value.
So for example, what I could do is say thread,
at the beginning of the call, like I have running work,
yes, at the end, roll that back.
And if I ever call in to schedule some work
and the thread local says, I'm doing,
I have active work running,
well, there's that error case that I talked about.
And I don't have to do weird things
like put different IDs of threads into database,
into like a dictionary and then like check that
and then lock it.
Like also I can just say,
this thread has like a running state for my little scenario.
What do you think?
- I think that's great.
I think it's interesting.
- Yeah, it is, right?
- Yeah.
- And it's right, not too hard.
Just create one of these little local things,
interact with it in a thread
and each thread will have basically its own view
into that data, which I think is pretty fantastic.
So.
- It's like a thread version namespace thing.
- Yes, exactly, exactly.
It's a cool little isolation without doing like locks
and all sorts of weird stuff that can end up in deadlocks
or slowdowns or other stuff.
So anyway, if you're got scenarios
where you're doing threading,
and you're like, oh, it would be really great
if I could dedicate some data just to this particular run
and not like a global thing, check this out.
It's incredibly straightforward.
- Nice. - Yeah.
- Nice.
Oh, let me pull up one more thing before we move on, Brian.
Okay.
DataDog.
Yes, that's also something else that's extremely easy to use.
Yeah.
Thank you DataDog for sponsoring this episode.
Datadog is a real-time monitoring platform that unifies metrics, traces, and logs into
one tightly integrated platform.
Datadog APM empowers developer teams to identify anomalies, resolve issues, and improve application
performance.
Begin collecting stack traces, visualize them as flame graphs, and organize them into profile
types such as CPU, I/O, and more.
Teams can search for specific profiles, correlate them with distributed traces, and identify
by slow or underperforming code
for analysis and optimization.
Plus with Datadog's APM live search,
you can perform searches across all,
across the full stream of integrated traces
generated by your application over the last 15 minutes.
That's cool.
Try Datadog APM free with a 14 day free trial
and Datadog will send you a free t-shirt.
Visit pythonbytes.fm/datadog
or just click the link in your podcast player show notes
to get started.
- Yes, thank you, Datadog.
I love all the visibility into what's going on.
I was just dealing with some crashes and other issues
on something I was trying to roll out.
And some libraries conflicting with some other library,
they were fighting.
And yeah, it's great to be able to just log in
and see what's going on.
- Yep.
- Now, before we move off to ThreadLocals,
quick audience question, Sam out there says,
"It might be better to use context bars
if you're also working with an event loop.
As far as I know, context vars are the evolved version
of thread locals that are aware of async too.
That's very interesting.
I haven't done anything with context vars,
but the way I think async.io works is,
even though there's a bunch of stuff running
from different locations, there's one thread.
So thread local is useless for that.
So that's why Sam is suggesting context vars.
The side that schedules the work
has nothing to do with async.io in my world.
So that's why I was thinking thread local.
>> Yeah.
>> It's a good highlight to say if you're using async,
you may need something different.
>> Absolutely, yeah.
So thanks, Sam, for that.
>> Yeah, so I'm not sure if we've really
talked about it much.
But I came across that article from Trey Hunter called
"What is a generator function?"
And like Python, especially the two to three switch,
even like a dictionary, the items keyword, you know,
function to get all the dictionary elements out.
It doesn't return a list anymore, it returns a generator.
And maybe it always did, I don't know.
But there's a whole bunch of stuff that used to return lists
that now return generators.
And it kind of, they look, they work great.
You stick them in a for loop and you're off to the races.
But a lot of people are a little timid at first
to try to write their own because it's a yield statement
instead of a return and how do you do it?
And so this is a great article by Trey to just say,
here's what's going on, it's not that complicated.
Generally, you just have a,
you often might have a for loop within your code
and instead of returning all the items,
you one by one yield to the items.
So Trey goes through some of the details
of like how this all works.
And it's pretty interesting.
It's interesting for people to read through it
and understand what's going on behind the scenes.
So what happens is your function that has a yield in it,
it will not return the item right away.
When somebody calls it, it returns a generator object.
And that generator object has things like next.
And mostly that's what we care about.
And next returns the next item that you've returned.
And then once you run out of items,
it raises a stop iteration exception
and that's how it works.
But generally we just don't care about that stuff.
We just throw them in a for loop,
but it is interesting to learn some of the details around it.
- Yeah, they do seem mysterious and tricky,
but they're super powerful.
The more data that you have,
the way better idea it is to not load it all
into memory at once.
- Yeah, and you can do some fun things like chunking.
You can, like if you're returning like your caller,
like let's say, and these are fun things to do with this.
So let's say you're reading from an API or from a file
or from a device or something.
And it has, you read like a big chunk of things,
like 20 of them or 256 or something like that,
a whole bunch of data at once, but then your caller item,
your caller really only wants one at a time.
Within your function, your generator function,
You can do fancy stuff like read a whole bunch
and then just meter those out.
And when then that's empty, you go and read some more
and have intermittent reads.
And this will save time for,
especially when you're not reading everything often.
Sometimes the caller will break and not utilize everything.
So that's definitely where,
and they're a lot more efficient on memory too.
So if you're, like you said,
if it's huge amounts of things,
it might be either for memory reasons or for speed reasons.
These are great.
- Yeah, even computational,
like suppose you want a list of Pydantic objects back
and you're like reading some massive CSV
and taking each row and star star value in there somehow.
That's the actual creation of the Pydantic object
if there was like a million of them.
Forget memory, like even just the computation is expensive.
So if you only want the first 20,
like you can only pay the price
of like initializing the first 20.
So there's all sorts of good reasons, yeah.
- Okay.
- I do want to just say one thing about generators
that I wish there was like a slightly,
maybe some kind of behavior could be added,
which would be fantastic.
So generators can't be reused, right?
So if I get a result back from a function,
I try to, and I wanna ask you a question,
like, were there any items resolved in here?
And then loop over them if there were.
you kind of broke it, right?
You pulled the first one off
and then the next thing you work with is like
index one through N rather than zero through N,
which is a problem.
So sometimes you need to turn them to a list.
It'd be cool if there was like a dot to list on a generator
instead of having to call list on it, right?
Just like a way as an expression to kind of like,
I'm calling this and it's sort of a data science flow.
I want all one expression and turn this generator
into this other thing that I need to pass along.
That would be fun.
>> Yeah. So a question out in the audience that maybe
the dictionary items and keys return something different,
but Sam Morley says they return special generators,
special kinds of generators.
>> Yeah.
>> Thanks, Sam.
>> Cool, indeed. All right.
Well, what if I got,
next, I think I just closed it.
Now, would it really be an episode if we didn't talk about Will McGugan in some way or another?
So we got him on deck twice, but we're going to start with just something he recommended
to us.
That's actually by Sam Colvin, who is the creator of Pydantic.
And I don't know if you're not sure if you're ready for this, Brian, but this is a little
bit dirty.
It's called Dirty Equals.
And the idea is to abuse the dunder EQ method,
mostly around unit testing,
to make test cases and assertions
and other things you might want to test
more declarative and less imperative.
So, that all sounds like fun, but how about an example?
So it starts out with a trivial example.
It says, okay, from this library,
you can import something called is positive.
So then you could assert one or like some number
and whatever, one equal equal is positive.
That's true, that assert passes.
Negative two equal equal is positive, fails.
Okay? - Okay.
- How does that strike you, Brian?
We're building on that. - That's weird.
- We're building blocks.
This is like a Lego piece, not the whole X-Wing fighter.
Okay?
But anyway, so that's the building block, right?
Like take something and instead of saying,
yes, it's exactly equal, implement the dunder equal method
say in the is positive class to like take the value,
make sure it's a number,
then check whether it's greater than zero, right?
That kind of thing.
I don't know if that includes zero, but anyway.
But then you can get more interesting things
like so you could go to a database
and if you do a query against the database,
you get, I think in the case that's up there,
I think you get a tuple back.
It depends on what you set the row factory to be, I suppose.
So anyway, you get a tuple back of results.
It looks like maybe this is a dictionary.
Anyway, so then you can create a dictionary
that has attributes that are like the result you want.
They can either be equal
or they can be things like this is positive.
So in this case, we're doing a query against the database.
And then we're, it looks like there's maybe needs
be like a first one anyway.
It says, all right, what we're gonna do is we're gonna do
equal equal that the ID.
So we'll create a dictionary ID colon is positive int,
username colon Sam Colvin.
So that's an actual equality,
like the username has to be Samuel here.
- Okay.
- Yeah.
And then the avatar is a string
that matches a regular expression.
That's like a some number slash PNG.
The settings has to be a JSON thing
where inside the settings, it's got some JSON values
that you might test for.
And is created now, is now with some level of variation,
like some level of precision
that you're willing to work with, right?
'Cause obviously you run the database query
and then you get the result,
but it's like very near, nearly now, right?
It's like the almost equals and float type of stuff.
That's pretty cool, right?
Do I need to answer?
I mean, I could see--
- No, share your thoughts.
Yeah.
- But I don't know, it's the API is a little odd to me,
but yeah.
- Okay, yeah, I think it's definitely an interesting idea.
It's definitely different.
Pydantic is often about,
I know it's not Pydantic, but it's by the creator.
Pydantic is often about given some data
that kind of matches, can it be made into that thing?
And I feel like this kind of testing is in the same vein
as what you might get working with Pydantic and data.
- Yeah, well, it's definitely terse and useful.
And I could totally get used to it.
If this is a pretty condensed way to compare,
to see if everything matches this protocol.
- Yeah, yeah.
So Sergey in the audience has like sort of
the alternative perspective could be,
you could just write multiple assert statements.
Instead of creating a dictionary
that represents everything, you could say,
like get the record back and assert that,
you'll get the first value out and assert on it.
Then get the username out and assert,
and get the avatar and assert on it and so on.
And it's sort of an intermediate view story
where you use the testing libraries, the testing classes,
but sort of more explicit.
So. - Right.
And one of the reasons why a lot of people,
there's a couple of reasons why
to not use more than one assert,
because if you were to have multiple asserts,
the first one to fail stops the check.
It's possible that this will tell you everything
that's wrong, not just the first thing that's wrong.
- Yes, exactly.
And then some people are just opposed
to multiple asserts per test.
It's just for, I don't know.
A similar thing, so I have a plugin called pytest-check,
which is just, it uses checks instead of asserts
so that you can have multiple checks per test.
It does come up.
So this is interesting.
I'll definitely check it out and play with it.
- Yeah, another benefit of being able to construct
one of these like prototypical documents or dictionaries
that then represents the declarative behavior
or state that you're supposed to be testing for
is you could create one of these
and then use it different locations.
Like, okay, when I insert a record
and then I get it back out, it should be like this.
But also if I call the API and it gives me something back,
it should also still pass the same test.
Like you could have a different parts of my app,
they all need to look like this.
- Yeah.
- As opposed to having a bunch of tests over and over
that are effectively the same.
And Will is here who recommended this,
suggests one of the benefits of dirty equals
is that pytest will generate useful diffs from it.
- Yeah, and definitely.
Reasons, pytest being a reason to use something,
I'm on board then, yeah, sure.
- Yeah, check it out.
If you do play with it, give us a report how you feel about it.
Yeah, one more question from Sam, said Sam Morley.
pytest already has something a bit like this with a prox,
except for it's for floats, et cetera.
Except for a prox is not et cetera.
It's just for floats.
So you can only use a prox with floats.
Yeah, so we have approximate now and stuff like that.
So I'll try it, especially if Will likes it,
it's got to be good.
>> Exactly. Awesome.
All right. What's the final one you got for us here?
>> Okay. This is more of a question than a,
I'm not saying this is awesome,
but I ran across this.
Actually, I clicked on a listicle.
Mike, I think there's a self-help group for that.
>> Yeah. Well, we're definitely
prone to clicking on the top listicles of various.
>> My name is Brian and I clicked on a listicle.
So the listicle was a top 10.
Where we at? It was 10 tools I wish I knew when I started working with Python.
And actually, it's a good list.
I just knew about most of them as well.
So it's a little link to it anyway.
>> It's got the sound of music.
It's got Jackie Chan.
It's got Office Space.
Come on. This is a pretty solid listicle.
Let's get real.
>> Then I got down to number seven and eight and I'm like,
what are these things?
I've never heard of them.
So, Commitison and Semantic Release.
So the idea, so I tried to commit with this.
So Commitizen is a thing that you can say,
if you install it, you can either brew install it for
your everything or you can put it in a virtual environment.
So that's cool. But instead of just committing,
you use this to commit and it asks you questions.
>> Right. Instead of typing git space commit,
you type cz space commit.
>> Yeah. Then it asks you a whole bunch of stuff.
Was this a bug fix?
Was it a feature?
Then it follows on depending on what you answered.
If you had a bug fix or a feature,
is it a breaking feature?
Basically, it's doing a whole bunch of stuff,
but it's trying to do these conventional commits.
We've got a link to this too.
Then if you've got all this formatting,
So it ends up formatting your commit message
to a consistent format
so that when you're reading the history and stuff,
you can do a whole bunch of, it's easier, I guess.
And then this tool also, this listicle also commented
that you've got a semantic release,
which is a Python package
that I haven't got through this much,
but it can take all this information from these
and do some better control your semantic release notes
or release, I don't know if it's release notes
or just the release version.
Haven't got that far into it, but.
- Yeah, the committees and ask,
is this like a change corresponding to semantic versions
such that it should be a major change?
So it'll like, it looks like it'll increment the version
and stuff like that as well.
- Yeah. - Yeah.
- But so the, in the about for committees
and says command line utility to create commits
with your rules and apparently you can specify
some special rules, which is good.
Display information about your commits,
bump the version automatically and generate a change log.
That's cool.
I want that might be helpful.
So my questions out to the audience and everybody listening,
have you used something like this?
Is it useful?
Is there something different than this that you recommend?
And also what size of a project would this make sense
for a small or medium project?
- That's cool.
Yeah, let us know on Twitter
or at the bottom of the YouTube live stream.
It's probably the best place.
- Yep.
- Yeah, very cool.
Now, before we go on, I also have a question out to you.
You can be the proxy for the audience here.
Notice at the bottom it says requirements 3.6 and above.
Right?
- Yeah.
- Python, that's not,
I don't feel like that's very controversial
as 3.6 is not even supported anymore, right?
- Right.
- So this is like every possibly supported version
Python 3 this works for. What would you think if I said the requirement is
this is Python 3 not Python 3, just it requires Python 3. Knowing that like
that means or implying that that means supported shipping real versions of
Python not Python 3.1 right because obviously Python 3.1 is no longer
supported but neither is 3.5 even like could you say f strings are just in
Python 3 now without worrying about the version?
Or do you still need to say--
3.6.
3.6, 3.7.
Should this be updated to be 3.7?
I mean--
You kind of have to.
You think so?
I don't know.
When I say something is on Python 3,
actually I don't even say that anymore.
So yeah.
What do you think?
Well, I used it in the sense like, yeah,
you need Python 3 for this.
thinking, well, any version that's supported these days.
And people are like, well, there's older versions
that don't support this thing.
Like, well, obviously I'm not talking about the one
that was not supported five years ago.
Like at some point,
Python 3 is the supported version of Python.
I don't know.
- Oh, that's true.
- Okay, so that's a bit of a diversion there.
But I went down that route,
and I was like, I really don't know which way I should go.
But I feel like there's a case to be made that just like,
When you talk about Python 3, you're not talking about old unsupported versions.
You're everything that's like modern 3.7 and above should be like an
an alias for Python 3.
I don't know when we were just saying Python 3, what we meant was like 3.1.
So I know we got to get used to that.
There's no Python 2 really to worry about.
All right.
Well, that will definitely bring us to our extras morning.
Yeah.
All right.
you want me to kick it off since I got my screen up?
- Yeah, go ahead.
- All right, so Will, like I said, he gets two appearances
and also his comments, so thank you for that.
And this is like in the same vein
of what I was just talking about.
Like what is this convention that we want to have, right?
So the Walrus operator came out in 3.8
and it was kind of an interesting big deal, right?
There's a lot of debate around whether or not
that should be in the language.
Honestly, I think it's a pretty minor thing
that it's not a huge deal,
But the idea is you can both test for a variable as well
or you can use the test or use the value of the variable
in the same place that you create it.
So instead of saying X equals get user
or like U equals get user, if user is not none or if user,
you could just say if U colon equals get user,
do the true thing, otherwise then it's not set right.
And so Will is suggesting that we pronounce
the walrus operator as you becomes the value.
So like X colon equals seven is like X becomes seven.
What do you think?
Are you behind this?
- Okay, so you'd be like,
when you're reading your code to yourself.
- How do you say it?
Like if you say like the lambda expression,
like how do you like define like the variables
of the lambda, like there's terms around there
that make it a little bit hard to say
without just saying syntax, right?
So he's proposing like becomes is the saying,
the verbal, the way we verbalize while we're software.
I like it, I'm gonna give it a thumbs up.
- It's interesting,
but how is that different from assignment though?
Do we, do you say, what do you say with assignment?
I don't say like X.
- Equals, I don't know, yeah.
- Equals, assign, becomes works.
- I will put it out there if people can think about it.
And there's a nice Twitter thread here
with lots of comments.
So folks can jump in.
- Or you can just, walrus, just talk, ex-walrus five.
- Oh yeah.
Well, what do walruses do?
I mean, is there like a cool action that would,
is like particular to walruses?
- Well, there probably is, but it's not,
it doesn't apply to this.
- It's not very colloquial, is it?
- Is ex.
- And John, then John Sheehan out in the audience says,
In my brain, I use assigned to, and he must know what's coming
because he's up next.
Hey, John.
So the other thing I want to talk about is, did you know, I
learned through John that string starts with, will take a, an
iterable, it says tuple, but I suspect it might even be an
iterable of substrings.
And if any of them match, it'll test out of each.
So like A, B, C, D, E, F, you say,
starts with a tuple, A, B, or C, D, or E, F.
- Huh.
- I've never used this.
- I didn't know that that was a thing.
- I would always just do that as like,
X starts with A, B, or X starts with C, D,
or X starts with E, F.
No, you apparently can do that all in one go.
What's the two for?
- I have no idea.
I was just thinking that as well.
There's a two and I don't know what it's for.
(laughing)
Yeah, anyway, that's a super quick one,
but I thought pretty interesting there.
So that's all I got.
How about you?
- I just have one thing.
We don't need to put it up,
but my extra is this book.
- Woo!
You have your physical 2.0 book in hand?
- Yes, I've got, oh yeah,
and for the people not watching,
I've got a stack of, it's funny,
my daughter uses my Amazon account too.
So UPS said, "Hey, there's a package arriving yesterday."
And I said, and I didn't order anything.
So I said, I told my daughter,
"Hey, you probably have a package showing up."
She's like, "I didn't order anything."
And then this box arrives with five copies of my book, which is great.
That's awesome. Yeah. Yeah. Congratulations. Thanks.
Yeah. We abuse our Amazon account badly.
Like there's a lot of people that log into Amazon accounting.
We ended up getting stuff shipped wrong places because somebody shipped it to
their house last time and then we just hit reorder again.
And they're like, why do you have our shampoo? I don't know.
Yeah. Yeah.
John adds that the two is the starting position.
>> The starting position.
>> Yeah. I figured it had something to do with that.
I wasn't sure how many characters to compare on, but.
>> Well, I also didn't know that
you could pass a starting position for starts with.
That's cool.
>> Yeah. There's a lot going on here.
>> Almost starts with.
>> Yeah. Nearly starts with.
Yeah. What's the right way?
So I want to close this out with a joke as always,
But there's the joke we talked about a while ago,
where Sebastian Ramirez, creator of FastAPI,
saw an ad hiring a FastAPI developer,
and he said, "Oh, it looks like I can't apply for this job.
"It requires four years of experience with FastAPI,
"but I can't possibly have that
"'cause I only created it two years ago," right?
- Yeah. (laughing)
- So it's a little bit in that vein.
So here we have somebody tweeting and says,
here's a conversation with the recruiter and them.
It says, "Recruiter, do you have a CS background?"
Yes, absolutely.
My CS background.
And this is the screenshot from the game Counter-Strike,
which is often referred to as just CS.
Yeah, of course I got a CS background.
Are you kidding me?
(both laughing)
That's pretty good.
Yeah.
- Yeah, that's a good one.
- Well, just a question though.
But if you did FastAPI, instead of eight hours a day,
if you did it 16 hours a day for two years,
would that constitute four years of experience?
- That probably is about the same amount of experience.
Yeah, so what a slacker that Sebastian is.
- Does he have to eat or something?
Does he have family?
What's going on?
- Come on.
- Well, always fun with hanging out with you
and talking Python.
- You bet.
everybody on the, listens to it on their podcast player or watches us on YouTube.
Yeah, absolutely. See you later.
Bye.